chore: [js] document per-call cache control in langchain orchestration (#581)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-js/langchain/orchestration.mdx

<!-- vale on -->

### Prompt Caching

:::note
Prompt caching is supported by Anthropic Claude and Amazon Nova model families served through orchestration.
Other models ignore the `cache_control` directive without error.
For a full overview, refer to the [prompt caching documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/generative-ai/prompt-caching?locale=en-US).
:::

Prompt caching reduces latency and cost by reusing cached content at the model provider level.
The SDK supports a per-call option to enable it.

#### Per-Call Cache Control

Pass `cache_control` as a call option to `invoke()` or `stream()`.
The SDK automatically places a cache breakpoint on the last cacheable block of the last message, so the breakpoint advances naturally as the conversation grows.

```ts
import { OrchestrationClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/langchain';

const client = new OrchestrationClient({
  promptTemplating: {
    model: {
      name: 'anthropic--claude-4.5-haiku'
    }
  }
});

> const response = await client.invoke(
>   [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the speed of light?' }],
>   { cache_control: { type: 'ephemeral' } }
> );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Default TTL (5 minutes)
const response = await client.invoke(
  [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the speed of light?' }],
  { cache_control: { type: 'ephemeral' } }
);

// Extended TTL (1 hour) — supported on Claude Opus 4.5, Haiku 4.5, Sonnet 4.5
const response = await client.invoke(
  [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the speed of light?' }],
  { cache_control: { type: 'ephemeral', ttl: '1h' } }
);
```

Reviewer: The `CacheControl` type supports an optional `ttl` field (`'5m' | '1h'`), and `1h` is only available on select models. Without mentioning it here, users won't know the option exists or its model constraints — they'd have to dig into the type definition.

Author: Let's avoid adding this here - it's not documented for the main client either, and I linked the service documentation above.

console.log(response.usage_metadata?.input_token_details);
/*
  { cache_read: 0, cache_creation: 1234 }   // first call: cache written

>   { cache_read: 1234, cache_creation: 0 }   // second call: cache read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  { cache_read: 0, cache_creation: TOKEN_COUNT }   // first call: tokens written to cache
  { cache_read: TOKEN_COUNT, cache_creation: 0 }   // identical repeated call: tokens read from cache
```

Reviewer: Using concrete numbers like `1234` implies a precise, predictable result. Replacing them with `N` makes it clear these are illustrative values. Also, `cache_creation: 0 `on the second call is only true for identical repeated calls — in a growing conversation, both fields can be non-zero simultaneously. The word "identical" scopes the example correctly.
